magento/merchdocs#1089: Add RMA how-to instructions to Returns section (#1183)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/returns.md

A returned merchandise authorization (RMA) can be granted to customers who request to return an item for replacement or refund. Typically, the customer contacts the merchant to request a refund. If approved, a unique RMA number is assigned to identify the returned product. In the configuration, you can either enable RMA for all products or allow RMA for only certain products. The _Returns_ grid lists the current returned merchandise requests (RMAs) and is used to enter new return requests.

![]({% link images/images/sales-return.png %}){: .zoom}
_Returns grid_

RMAs can be issued for simple, grouped, configurable, and bundle product types. However, RMAs are not available for virtual products, downloadable products, and gift cards.

> ## Create a Return Request

Reviewer: Sentence case for headings
```suggestion
## Create a return request
```

> 1. To create new return request, go to **Sales** > **Returns** > Click <span class="btn">New Return Request</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Sales** > **Returns**.

1.  Click <span class="btn">New Return Request</span>.
```

> 1. Click on an order with a `Complete` status to create a return request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click an order with a `Complete` status to create a return request.
```

> 1. Select the **Return Items** tab under the **Return Information** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under the _Return Information_ section, select the **Return Items** tab.
```

1. To add items to return, click <span class="btn">Add Items</span>.

1. Select the checkbox for the required product and click <span class="btn">Add Selected Product to returns</span>.

> 1. Fill in the field **Requested** with the number of items you want to return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For **Requested**, enter the number of items to be returned.
```

> 1. Sets **Return Reason** to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set **Return Reason** to one of the following:
```

    - Wrong Color
    - Wrong Size
    - Out of Service
    - Other

>     If the reason for the return is different from those listed in the **Reason for Return** field, you can enter your own in the field that appears below when you select `Other` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the reason for the return is different from those listed, you can enter your own if you select the `Other` option.
```

> 1. Sets **Item Condition** to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set **Item Condition** to one of the following:
```

    - Unopened
    - Opened
    - Damaged

> 1. Sets **Resolution** to one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set **Resolution** to one of the following:
```

A returned merchandise authorization (RMA) can be granted to customers who request to return an item for replacement or refund. Typically, the customer contacts the merchant to request a refund. If approved, a unique RMA number is assigned to identify the returned product. In the configuration, you can either enable RMA for all products or allow RMA for only certain products. The _Returns_ grid lists the current returned merchandise requests (RMAs) and is used to enter new return requests.

![]({% link images/images/sales-return.png %}){: .zoom}
_Returns grid_

RMAs can be issued for simple, grouped, configurable, and bundle product types. However, RMAs are not available for virtual products, downloadable products, and gift cards.

## Create a Return Request

1. To create new return request, go to **Sales** > **Returns** > Click <span class="btn">New Return Request</span>.

1. Click on an order with a `Complete` status to create a return request.

>     ![]({% link images/images/new-return.png %}){: .zoom}

Reviewer 2: We can remove this image.

    _New Return Page_

1. Select the **Return Items** tab under the **Return Information** section.

1. To add items to return, click <span class="btn">Add Items</span>.

1. Select the checkbox for the required product and click <span class="btn">Add Selected Product to returns</span>.

>     ![]({% link images/images/return-item.png %}){: .zoom}

Reviewer 2: And this one can go as well.

Author: @dobooth 
Done, thanks!
